♪
[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salary man
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level 1.
But lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
And today, I'm practically
swimming in rare drops
during a battle
for a new dungeon!
But there's something
about this drop
that isn't quite right.
I need to burn this
as soon as possible.
[panting]
I've got you!
I have work to do.
I think that's enough magic
from you for today.
Please go rest.
Not yet. They're depending on me
to do this for them.
So, I must keep going.
I've seen this too many times.
People will get so overwhelmed
by their responsibilities
that their health crashes
and their spirits are crushed.
Some people even die.
But this is all
I can to do to help.
[groans]
Now, I know this isn't about me,
but I really don't want to see
that happen to you.
[gasps]
[gasps, exhales]
[body thuds]
What was that? And why?
[RYOTA]
When two healing bullets fuse,
they become a sleep bullet.
She wasn't going
to rest otherwise.
[EMILY]
That is an excellent call.
[whimpers] What?
[gasps]
[gasps] It's sunset?
[growls]
No, I'm too late!
[gunshots]
Incredible.
[growls]
We're so sorry
to keep you waiting!
Go ahead and bring
all the trash over this way!
[RYOTA] This is what
I call an excellent haul
of homing bullets!
I need everyone
in a straight line!
Oh! Why're you up?
Hey, you really need
to get some more sleep.
Yeah, she's right.
The two of us can handle things
out here.
Or did you wake up
because you're feeling
a bit hungry?
[gasps]
[CELESTE]
Wow!
And don't even
worry about the trash.
We moved this tent
closer to the collection site.
What are you waiting for?
Don't let it get cold!
Ah!
[slurps]
It's delicious.
[sniffles]
Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
She cries
when she's eating, too!
You're also like Yota in the way
you tend to push yourself
too hard.
-Really?
-Yeah. If anyone knows, it's me.
-[chuckles]
-[BOTH] Huh?
[chuckles]
I'm sorry. We haven't even asked
your name yet.
I'm Celeste. Nice to meet you.
I get it now.
The dungeon drops are tax-exempt
until it's ownership
is officially decided.
That's why so many
adventurers are here
even at this time of year.
Right. And they produce more
and more trash every single day.
A lot more than one person
can handle.
Well, rest assured,
we'll help you out
whenever we can, okay?
Hm. Hm.
Thank you. I appreciate that!
[yawns]
However,
this is the only work I can do.
Huh?
You don't have any other skills?
[sighs]
I think she just fell asleep.
I'm sure she's relieved
to not have to carry the weight
of that burden all on her own
anymore.
[EMILY] It's like her body
can relax now that it's over.
♪
She's way more powerful
than yesterday!
She looks better.
Her color is back,
and her natural beauty
is so much more noticeable now.
[RYOTA]
Yeah, I agree.
Since I had a chance
to recharge,
my magic revived at an even
greater level than normal.
[EMILY] Remember that
because you'll deflate again
if you keep overworking
yourself.
We have plenty of
space and food.
Why don't you stay with us
until this event is over?
Ah!
No, I can't. You two already
have done so much for me.
That tent is far too comfortable
for you to be giving up space
to anyone.
Emily's unique skill
is making any place a home
and there's just no escaping it.
Hm.
I see. I didn't expect
such generosity.
♪
Hm. I'll stay with you
for a little while, then.
-I'd say that settles it. Hm.
-Hm.
[RYOTA]
All right. Well,
I'm gonna go check in
at the Secro HQ.
[EMILY] I'll go with you
as far as the shops.
We should be back by lunchtime.
Why don't you head
on to the tent?
[chuckles]
♪
Ah!
[RYOTA]
Now that I look at it again,
this place kinda feels
like its own little town.
-Oh!
-Huh?
Can I ask why
you're selling these here?
You'd be surprised
at the high demand.
There are lots of men
who work around here
who buy them as gifts
for their wives.
Oh!
[RYOTA] You've got one
for a million pilos?
Definitely couldn't afford that.
They're absolutely
beautiful, though!
I didn't realize
you were into jewelry.
[EMILY] I've always loved
beautiful rings.
They're too expensive for me,
obviously,
but the sentiment
always gets me.
It's a gift that really
means something, you know?
[DUKE] Thank you
for coming here, Mr. Sato.
My name's Duke
and it's a pleasure
to meet you. Welcome.
And you, as well.
I'd like you
to take a look at this.
[DUKE]
It's a sketch of Selen.
The new dungeon that Secro
and Hetero are fighting over.
So, we're looking at
ten floors, then.
We already know
what drops are found there.
Veggies on odd floors
and meats are on the even ones.
Split half and half?
That's right.
So, we can't count numbers.
Instead, we decided that
the side whose floors yield
the most rare drops
within the time limit would win.
Got it. I'll go right in and--
There's no need to hunt.
The adventurers
who encounter rare monsters
on the vegetable floors
will capture them alive
and have them ready for you.
Huh?
It's the most efficient way.
We've already solicited help
in exchange
for some reward money.
All we need you to do is focus
on getting us rare drops.
[RYOTA] They created their
whole strategy around me?
Not something that ever would've
happened in my old world.
But I gotta admit,
I like how they think.
[MALE STAFF 1]
They've got a rare one!
It's on the first level!
-[monster squishing]
-[grunting]
[DUKE]
As long as it's in our custody,
we have the option to kill it.
Please take all the time
you need.
[RYOTA]
You got it.
Huh?
♪
Do you know those people?
The older man is called Harvard.
He holds the same role
in Hetero's Dungeon Association
that I do in Secro.
Next is an adventurer
called Eugene.
His skills are strong,
but his plant drop rate
is F rank.
[gasps]
Why bring an adventurer
with low drops?
Well, because he can defeat
rare plant monsters
and keep them from making drops.
Which means that we'll end up
with fewer opportunities
to collect them.
Are you saying they brought him
to sabotage us?
That's right. But thankfully,
this time we have an advantage.
[sighs]
[grunts]
[RYOTA]
Can you hold it still?
Trust me, I'm trying!
[gunshot]
There we go! Got it!
[all gasps]
[growls]
[DUKE]
What's it doing?
[HARVARD]
Too bad that one won't die
unless its hidden core
is destroyed.
If it's attacked anywhere else
on its body,
it regenerates
and only increases in strength.
[EUGENE]
Unfortunately for them,
I know exactly
where the core is.
-[growling]
-[both grunting]
[gasps]
Looks like it's fair game now!
Your turn, Eugene!
♪
[grunts]
There it is!
[gunshot]
-[gunshot]
-[grunts]
Huh?
No way!
You can see its core, too?
If that's what I just shot,
then yeah.
[whimpers]
You got the rare drop!
It's soybean sprouts.
That gives us
a great head start!
Damn it!
[grunts]
[DUKE]
Here's your reward.
Keep it somewhere safe.
Wow! You sure
you wanna give me this much?
It's an appropriate
amount for your contribution.
And those soybean sprouts
are yours to keep, as well.
You can exchange them
for money at the trade post.
I wasn't expecting
anything extra.
This is gonna help us out a lot.
Now if I can just do that
one more time.
Where did Emily go?
[EMILY]
I'm right here, silly!
[screams]
[EMILY] I can't see the
director's face from up there!
[RYOTA]
I'm back.
[EMILY]
Hi! Welcome home!
Goodness, you've had
quite the long day.
Tell me about the new job!
How was dungeon-conquering?
Well, other than Hetero
using an adventurer
with F-ranked vegetable drops
to sabotage us,
it was all right.
Wow, they're seriously
fighting dirty like that?
Yeah, but it doesn't matter.
I still won.
I'm only late because I made
an extra stop on my way back.
[gasps]
That's the ring
from this morning!
Did you really buy it?
I can't get over
how beautiful it is!
[RYOTA]
Emily.
What's up?
This is actually a gift for you.
[gasps]
[screams]
I mean, you always help me out
whenever I need it.
I can't.
That's way too expensive.
It's fine, they gave me extra.
Trust me.
I didn't expect to make so much
money on the first level.
When you said that rings
were the kind of gift
that really meant something
to you, it hit me.
I wanted to find a way
to show you how thankful I am
to have met you.
I'm hoping this expresses
it accurately.
♪
You've done so much for me.
Thank you.
[sobs]
I've never received
a gift like this.
You've made me so happy.
Thank you so much, Yota.
[EMILY] Everything
has a "plus one" next to it.
I've never seen this before!
Do you think it has anything
to do with your power?
Um, about that.
The guy who was selling jewelry
told me
he had more
of that same ring in stock,
and I was really curious
about what kind of stray
might emerge
from a million-pilo ring
so I may have experimented.
[explosion]
I learned that it's pretty easy
to make money out here,
so if it failed, I knew
I could buy you another one.
Well, I ended up getting back
the exact same ring,
but now there's an effect
attached to it.
[chuckles]
[EMILY]
That's so like you, Yota.
What do you say
we go test it out?
Okay!
Is this level okay?
Yep!
Ah!
There's one! A treant!
[yells]
[thuds]
[RYOTA]
Oh. Is that a chicken breast?
I already got a drop!
[giggling]
You seem pretty happy about it.
You have no idea!
I've been wanting a meat drop
for so long now
and this is my very first one!
My animal drop rate
was consistent at rank F.
Even though F
is just one rank below E,
there's actually
a huge difference
in status out here.
The 'F' stands for 'final,'
so some dungeons won't
permit entry to anyone below E
because they see them
as unqualified.
I had no clue.
-[gasps]
-[all scream]
[thuds]
[MALE ADVENTURER 1]
Go get Harvard!
He's somewhere around here!
[RYOTA] Oh, crap. Are we looking
at this floor's rare monster?
-[slashes]
-Emily!
I'm okay!
Hold it!
[HARVARD]
Hurry! Go on and shoot!
You seem
to have great drop rates!
What's holding you back?
Go ahead and kill
the treant beard!
We're rooting for ya!
Ah!
[RYOTA] If I kill it,
it'll definitely drop something.
That would bring Hetero's
score even with Secro's.
[chuckles]
Huh?
What's wrong?
Did you have a change of heart?
You wouldn't receive judgment
from anyone out here
so long as
the items drop on this floor.
[both laugh]
[RYOTA]
That guy's ripped.
His meat drop rate
is clearly very high.
Damn it! What do I do now?
Heads up, Yota!
[RYOTA]
Of course!
[bullets rattles]
[gunshots]
[yells]
[gasps]
[scoffs]
Way to go, Emily.
[chuckles]
I thought about what you said
last night and realized
without wearing this ring,
my animal drop rate falls to F.
Good for you for coming up
with that on the spot!
I just so glad I could help.
All the time that
we've spent together
is really starting to pay off.
[chuckles]
Mr. Sato, I've been told
you did some quick thinking
for us on the second level.
Thank you.
Oh, that wasn't me.
That was my partner.
Well then, your partner
just earned some reward money.
Although, we do
have an unfortunate problem.
Hm?
Hetero called
for backup adventurers.
They'll be arriving tonight
and that backup will instantly
triple their numbers.
You're saying the floors
that drop meat will be full?
Actually, the reverse is true.
They plan
to fill the odd floors.
The F-ranks
will be monopolizing vegetables.
But that's.
[sighs]
Our only choice
is to fight fire with fire.
[RYOTA] No, let's finish
this by the end of the day.
Hm?
If we could somehow
still collect drops
on floors three,
five, seven, and nine
we'd at least be tied
with them, now wouldn't we?
If we did that,
we'd effectively win, but.
Listen, Duke,
you gotta raise the reward
for finding rare monsters.
I'm talking ten million!
What? That's too much!
If we were to pay that amount
and not get any drops,
it would be a catastrophic loss!
I guarantee you
that I will get rare drops.
Guarantee?
If I kill something,
and nothing drops,
I will pay you
the same amount back.
[gasps]
Hm?
Deal.
[growls]
I can't believe it.
I never imagined
we would come this far.
[RYOTA]
Level three.
This monster's rare
form is the killer butterfly.
Evil son of a... Anyway,
it drops Brussels sprouts.
Level five.
The rare form of the danger bear
is the danger panda.
Once slain, it drops saltwort.
Level seven.
The rare form of the mad golem
is the rock golem.
It drops daikon radish sprouts.
Man, getting these "rare drops"
where I'm from would be
such a game changer.
Whatever. Once I kill
this thing, I'm outta here!
[DUKE] I know one of these heads
is its weakness,
but whenever it regenerates,
the weak head changes!
This guy's the pain in the A
I've been waiting for.
[gunshots]
[all groan]
[RYOTA]
Enoki mushrooms.
Every single one was lame.
All right, you did it!
There's no way
we're gonna lose this race now!
Yes, we've got this in the bag.
We owe all of it to you, Duke.
Oh, come on, don't be so modest!
I'm going to report your
achievements to HQ immediately.
♪
[RYOTA]
It's not modesty.
At my old office,
every suggestion I offered
was rejected.
But out here,
my idea to devote 40 million
to adventurers
was taken seriously
and embraced.
Whether we win or not,
I just made a big purchase,
so I'm gonna need some quick
income either way.
♪
What do you want, Eugene?
Just this. A little punishment.
Everyone you see here,
including me, has F drop rates.
If we could've stopped Secro,
the money would've been ours.
And thanks to you,
we're no longer needed.
This magic circle has the same
effect as a magic storm.
You'll no longer be able
to use your projectiles.
Don't worry, we won't kill you.
But I will not rest
until I know for sure
you'll never work
around here again!
[all shout]
[RYOTA] Well, so long as
I don't think about efficiency.
[groans]
I'm stronger
when I don't use my guns.
[groans]
[gasps] I mean, you can try but.
[gasps]
You can use them? But how?
I've been able to use them
during a magic storm before.
[gun clicks]
Huh?
[gunshots]
[groans]
What was that?
It doesn't hurt anymore.
[gasps]
[RYOTA] This one's loaded
with special bullets.
It works
just like healing magic.
[gunshots]
-[RYOTA] Ready.
-[EUGENE] How though?
I'm fairly certain
you won't believe me, but.
I honestly
understand how you're feeling.
So, it's cool
if you wanna attack me
if it'll provide some
sort of peace for you.
If you hurt yourself
in the process,
I'll be there to help you heal.
But don't count on me
to lose, either.
I've got someone special waiting
for me to come home safe.
I understand.
I really envy you.
I wish I had someone like that.
[RYOTA]
She wasn't always with me.
There's still time for you to
find your own someone someday.
♪
[RYOTA]
I'm back.
[EMILY]
Hi! Welcome back!
[CELESTE]
Yes, welcome back!
[EMILY]
We've been waiting for you!
Dinner's already on the table.
I'm really here, aren't I?
I'm home.
Well, yeah.
Where else would you be?